Moved Reconstructing Hetionet into main paper (#37)
greenelab/text_mined_hetnet_manuscript: content/04.results.md

We found that usually adding random noise did not improve performance (Figure {@fig:auroc_random_label_function_performance} and Supplemental Figure {@fig:aupr_random_label_function_performance}).
For the CbG edge type we did observe slightly increased performance via AUPR (Supplemental Figure {@fig:aupr_random_label_function_performance}).
However, performance changes in general were smaller than those observed with mismatched label types.

> ### Reconstructing Hetionet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Expanding Hetionet
```

![

> Barchat that quantifies how many existing edges we could recall and novel edges that can be added to hetionet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text-mined edges capture many existing edges in hetionet and can add new edges.
```
Start your figure legend with an assertion about what the interpretation is.

> Existing edges are shown in the green bar and the blue bar represents novel edges can be added.

Reviewer: I don't entirely understand this figure from the legend. There are numbers and percentages on the figure. I need more of a walkthrough. This figure is complex, and should probably have a 2-3 sentence figure legend telling me what the elements of the figure are.

](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danich1/snorkeling/86037d185a299a1f6dd4dd68605073849c72af6f/figures/edge_prediction_experiment/edges_added.png){#fig:hetionet_reconstruction}

> Using a cutoff value of 0.5, we evaluated how many edges we can recall/add to Hetionet v1 (Figure {@fig:hetionet_reconstruction} and Supplemental Table {@tbl:edge_prediction_tbl}).

Reviewer: I would probably start this with the recall stuff that's below. Tell folks how many of things we already knew get recovered. Then talk about how many edges one could add (at some threshold - why this threshold?). You are diving in pretty deep here right off the bat. Help bring folks into the same understanding that you have so that they can get insight from your paper.

We found that usually adding random noise did not improve performance (Figure {@fig:auroc_random_label_function_performance} and Supplemental Figure {@fig:aupr_random_label_function_performance}).
For the CbG edge type we did observe slightly increased performance via AUPR (Supplemental Figure {@fig:aupr_random_label_function_performance}).
However, performance changes in general were smaller than those observed with mismatched label types.

### Text mined edges can expand a database-derived knowledge graph

![

> Text-mined edges can recall a fair amount of existing edges as well as add a myriad amount of novel edges to Hetionet v1 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text-mined edges recreate a substantial fraction of an existing knowledge graph and include new predictions.
```

This bar chart shows the number of edges we can successfully recall in green and shows the number of new edges that can be added in blue.  

> Percentages contained in parenthesis represent the fraction of edges we recalled over the total number of edges already contained in Hetionet v1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recall for the Hetionet v1 knowledge graph is shown as a percentage in parentheses.
```
Is this the recall of edges in hetionet?

> For example, within the compound treats disease edge we can recall 85% of existing edges as well as add 6,088 novel edges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for the compound treats disease edge our method recalls 85% of existing edges as adds 6,088 new edges.
```

](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danich1/snorkeling/6e929e486537c5d105e393e20984b96910c96024/figures/edge_prediction_experiment/edges_added.png){#fig:hetionet_reconstruction}

> Hetionet v1 is a knowledge graph that was constructed from biomedical databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the goals in our work is to measure the extent to which learning multiple edge types could construct a biomedical knowledge graph.
Hetionet v1 is a knowledge graph that was constructed from biomedical databases.
We measured this framework's recall as well as how many new edges could be added with high confidence.
```
What is your confidence threshold? I don't see it anywhere.

Reviewer: Ahh - I see below where you mention how you selected it.

> These databases are often populated via some form of manual curation, which can result in missing information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> One of the goals in our work is to close this gap by populating Hetionet v1 with relationships found within biomedical literature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> We measured the extent to which this framework can recall preexisting edges as well as add novel edges to Hetionet v1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Using a calibrated discriminator model, we scored every candidate sentence within our dataset and grouped candidates based on their mention pair. 

> We took the max score within each candidate group and this score represents the probability of the existence of an edge. 

Reviewer: This is going to be confusing & should be dealt with in the methods if it isn't already.

> We established edges by using a cutoff score that produced an equal error rate between the false positives and false negatives.

Reviewer: Also in methods. Report the outcome of this procedure here though (i.e., what cutoffs you used)

We found that usually adding random noise did not improve performance (Figure {@fig:auroc_random_label_function_performance} and Supplemental Figure {@fig:aupr_random_label_function_performance}).
For the CbG edge type we did observe slightly increased performance via AUPR (Supplemental Figure {@fig:aupr_random_label_function_performance}).
However, performance changes in general were smaller than those observed with mismatched label types.

> ### Expanding Hetionet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Text mined edges can expand a database-derived knowledge graph
```

![
Text-mined edges can recall a fair amount of existing edges as well as add a myraid amount of novel edges to Hetionet v1 
This bar chart shows the number of edges we can successfully recall in green and shows the number of new edges that can be added in blue.  
Percentages contained in parenthesis represent the fraction of edges we recalled over the total number of edges already contained in Hetionet v1.
For example, within the compound treats disease edge we can recall 85% of existing edges as well as add 6,088 novel edges.
](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danich1/snorkeling/6e929e486537c5d105e393e20984b96910c96024/figures/edge_prediction_experiment/edges_added.png){#fig:hetionet_reconstruction}

> Sentences need to be translated into edge representations before they are incorporated into Hetionet v1.

Reviewer: Not everyone will know what hetionet v1 is. This is much later in the paper than your intro. Give a sentence or two describing roughly how hetionet was built (databases, etc) and what the purposes of this evaluation were. See what I've done to the section title for a starting point.

We used a calibrated discriminator model to score every candidate sentence within our dataset.
We grouped each candidate based on their mention pair and took the max score within each group.
Each group score represents the probability of the existence of an edge and we used a cutoff score that produced an equal error rate between the false positives and false negatives.

> We quantified how many edges can be successfully recalled/added to Hetionet v1 (Figure {@fig:hetionet_reconstruction}) and report top ten high scoring sentences for each edge type in Supplemental Table {@tbl:edge_prediction_tbl}.

Reviewer: Don't have a sentence just to point people to a figure. Incorporate the discussion of the figure into the first time it's mentioned (the sentence in the paragraph below this). Perhaps point folks to the predicted sentences where you're discussing how many edges you can add.

We are able to recall more than half of existing edges for all edge types.
Our best recall is with the Compound treats Disease (CtD) edge type, where we retain 85% of already established edges.
Plus, we can add over 6,000 new edges to that category.

> In contrast, we could only recall close ot 70% of existing edges for the other cateogires; however, we can add over 40,000 novel edges to each category.

Reviewer: There are a few typos in these sentences that I think spellcheck should catch. It would probably be good to run spellcheck over the whole document just to see what comes up.
